Remove nginx-controller (#7423)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/08-10-rotate-root-ca.md

   cat merged-ca.crt | base64
   ```

> 1. Replace the old certificate in the Istio Secret. Edit the Secret and replace the `cacert` value with the `merged-ca.crt` base64-encoded certificate.

Author: I thought the same and asked @Szymongib about it and he said it's actually `cacert` and that it should be renamed.

  
   ```bash
   kubectl -n istio-system edit secret kyma-gateway-certs-cacert
   ```

1. Wait for all the client certificates to be renewed. 

>     > **NOTE:** In the case of a Kyma Runtime connected to the central Connector Service, the system renews the certificates automatically using the information stored in the Secrets. Alternatively, you can renew the certificates in said Runtime yourself. To do that, create a CertificateRequest custom resource (CR) in the Runtime in which you want to renew the certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **NOTE:** In the case of a Kyma Runtime connected to the central Connector Service, the system renews the certificates automatically using the information stored in Secrets. Alternatively, you can renew the certificates in said Runtime yourself. To do that, create a CertificateRequest custom resource (CR) in the Runtime in which you want to renew the certificates.
```

Author: It's on purpose here :)

1. After the client certificates are renewed, remove the `kyma-gateway-certs-cacert` Secret entry which contains the old certificate. First, encode the `new-ca.crt` file with base64.
  

>    > **CAUTION:** Do not proceed with this step until all the client certificates have been renewed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > **CAUTION:** Do not proceed with this step until all client certificates are renewed!
```

Author: It's here for emphasis 'cause it's really important.

   ```bash
   cat new-ca.crt | base64
   ```

> 1. Edit the Secret and replace the `cacert` value with the base64-encoded `new-ca.crt` certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Edit the Secret and replace the `ca.crt` value with the base64-encoded `new-ca.crt` certificate.
```

Author: As mentioned previously, I asked @Szymongib about it and he said it's actually cacert and that it should be renamed.

> 1. Edit the Secret and replace the `cacert` value with the `new-ca.crt` base64-encoded certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the Secret and replace the `cacert` value with the base64-encoded `new-ca.crt` certificate.
```
